adding config.toml section for better understanding (#59)
celestiaorg/networks: config-toml.md

# Config.toml breakdown

- [Config.toml breakdown](#configtoml-breakdown)
  - [Pre-Requisites](#pre-requisites)
  - [Understanding config.toml](#understanding-configtoml)
    - [[Core]](#core)
    - [[P2P]](#p2p)
      - [Bootstrap](#bootstrap)
      - [Mutual Peers](#mutual-peers)
    - [[Services]](#services)
      - [TrustedHash and TrustedPeer](#trustedhash-and-trustedpeer)

## Pre-Requisites
Please, make sure that you have installed and initialized celestia node

## Understanding config.toml

> After initialization, for any type of node, you will find a `config.toml` in path(default location)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After initialization, for any type of node, you will find a `config.toml` in the following path (default location):
```

- `~/.celestia-bridge/config.toml` for bridge node
- `~/.celestia-light/config.toml` for light node 

> Let's break down some of the most used sections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's break down some of the most used sections.
```

### [Core]
This section is needed for the Celestia Bridge Node. By default, `Remote = false`. Still for devnet, we are going to use the remote core option and this can also be set

> by the command line flag `--core.remote` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the command line flag `--core.remote`.
```

### [P2P]
#### Bootstrap

> By default, the `Bootstrapper = false` and the `BootstrapPeers` is empty. If you want your node to be a bootstrapper, then activate `Bootstrapper = true`.

Reviewer: The a newbie it's completely opaque in what circumstances they would want to be a bootstrap peer.

> BootstrapPeers are hardcoded into the node during initialisation, if no manual are added in the config file. If you want to add your own manually, you need to add the multiaddresses of the peers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BootstrapPeers are hardcoded into the node during initialisation, if no manual are added in the config file. If you want to add your own manually, you need to add the multiaddresses of the peers.
```

#### Mutual Peers
The purpose of this config is to set up a bidirectional communication. This is usually the case for Celestia Bridge Nodes. In addition, you need to change the field 

> `PeerExchange` from false to true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PeerExchange` from false to true.
```

> `PeerExchange` from false to true

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we need to document this as it's unlikely people will need to configure this field often, no?

Reviewer 2: It might confuse people

Author: Usually, people don't touch mutual peers if they don't want to add any. Still if they have decided to opt for, they would like to do a pex for that option. Let's leave this 🙏

### [Services]
#### TrustedHash and TrustedPeer

> `TrustedHash` is needed to properly initialize Celestia Bridge Node with the active `Remote` Core Client. Celestia Light Node will take genesis hash as the trusted one, if no hash is manually provided during initialization phase.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`TrustedHash` is needed to properly initialize a Celestia Bridge Node with an already-running `Remote` Celestia Core node. Celestia Light Node will take a genesis hash as the trusted one, if no hash is manually provided during initialization phase.
```

What do you mean by 

> Celestia Light Node will take a genesis hash as the trusted one, if no hash is manually provided during initialization phase

Author: Starting v0.2.0, it is sufficient to just do `celestia light init`, then `celestia light start`
By doing so, the node will automatically use the genesis hash as a trusted one

> `TrustedPeers` is the array of Bridge Nodes' peers that Celestia Light Node trusts. By default, this is an empty array as the Celestia Light Node trusts no one and syncs from genesis to latest block, if the `TrustedHash` is empty, too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`TrustedPeers` is a list of one or more Bridge Nodes that a Celestia Light Node can "trust" to give it block headers. By default, this is an empty array as the Celestia Light Node trusts no one and syncs from genesis to latest block, if the `TrustedHash` is empty, too.
```

> By default, this is an empty array as the Celestia Light Node trusts no one and syncs from genesis to latest block, if the `TrustedHash` is empty, too.

Is this true? I don't think it's possible for a light node to request headers if it has no trusted peer as this code is inside of `performRequest`

```go
	if len(ex.trustedPeers) == 0 {
		return nil, fmt.Errorf("no trusted peers")
	}
```

Reviewer 2: This eventually *will* be true but since these docs are for now, then it will be confusing.

Author: Ok, so now, bootstrap peers are becoming trusted peers if none are manually provided. I totally forgot that point, so changing this line for Celestia Light Node

> Any Celestia Bridge Node can be a trusted peer for the Light one. However, the Light node by design can not be a trusted peer for another Light Node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Light nodes by design can not be trusted peers for other Light Nodes.
```
